hello I am oscar an expert of smart and in
this opportunity is with my friend
Mauricio Paniagua Samsung Trainer at
this time we will be talking about the
new samsung galaxy s 68 and flat oricio
tell us what is a new one that brings the
samsung galaxy s 6 excellent oscar then
well i tell you the galaxy s 6 has two
different models the first is the is
truth that we have here that what
it means it has the screens
curves on the sides and the flat so that
phone a little more traditional than
has the screen completely straight and
what is the difference of s 6 when
we talk about the 16th we are talking about the
two since I understand that they are differences
between the two phones with the
difference between the operation of the
16 and the perfect s5 good I'll tell you
look then in the case of the galaxy s
6 and in that the type is the one that has the
curved screens allows you some
smart tools like by
example on this side you can get
some frequent contacts in
particular are five contacts
frequent and for each of them you
choose a color to then whenever
you call one of the contacts
frequent
allow you to see a
colored marquee and thus identify
easily who he is and what is
calling because the other tool
smart you have is when you have
blocked the phone is not that it has
shielded to one of the sides and gives you
an information marquee this brand
is an information allows you to see from
Quick way all notifications
that you have received whatsapp facebook
twitter missed calls with new
electronic here and finally mauricio
what is the difference between the others
telephones since we 're talking about a
same phone divided in two
which practically it is the
difference between going well as you
it said in the case of the two galaxy s 6
the models would practically only be
the functions of the screen the use of
the side curved screens there
we would have the same
auttacor processor we would have both
similar cameras of the front camera
5 megapixel camera and main camera
16 megapixels
the significant difference because it would be
nothing else your considerations so that what
see our friends the phone this is
the galaxy 16 flash
16 galaxy s 68 are practically the
Same size
the only thing that changes as it said mauricio
is the edges of the screen but I think
that we are all curious to know
that bring the boxes and
characteristics of the model we are going to
know them we will know that they have
the boxes as I mentioned
our friend mauricio the phones are
exactly the same ones work from the
same way you only have a couple of
small differences in the case of
operation on the battery is the only
difference between the two apart from the
physical forms
let's open the kit to see contain
the boxes we are going to see the flat
we found the model samsung galaxy 16
the screen is 5.1 inches we have
the usb 2.0 entry
the headphone input we have for
this side the lock button and for this
side the volume buttons we're going to
open here we have the pin quoted that
it helps us to remove the sim card
we also have the adapter
current
we have the usb 2.0 cable
and we have the headphones that come with
the one that we are now going to open
the samsung galaxy s 6 kit and we are going to
check open the box here and
we find
the model with a screen also of
5.1 inches down here we find
the horn and there is the USB 2.0 input
3.5 standard headphone input
the button lock the buttons
volume and of course your cameras that
in a moment we are going to enter a little
to detail
let's know the kit to check
which is the same here we have the cable
usb 2.0
we also have the adapter
current
the headphones
and also the purpose to get the card
sim
as mentioned by our friend
Mauritius the phone works from the
same way the difference is in
battery the galaxy s 6 is has a
2600 milliamp battery that this one and
we have the galaxy s 6 flat that the
battery is 2 thousand 550 milliamperes is
a minimal difference otherwise the
phones have the same
features the 5.1 screen
inches both come with gorilla
glass 4 the internal memory is 22
gigabyte for the user a
microprocessor or cta with 2.1 gigahertz
and a ram of 3 gigabytes we're going to
check the operating system version
we are going to about the device and
we found the version of android 5.0
Point 2
lollipop by pressing several times on
the version we found this little
animation that always comes with the
versions
the camera
back is 16 megapixels and the camera
front is 5 megapixels like what
mentioned our Mauritian video in a
principle the galaxy s 6 elche has a
a little more screen to the sides
which is strange to see in the new
phones and samsung decides to venture
in this way we will know for what
they serve these hours on the screen
let's see how the marquee works
that samsung offers us in the new
samsung galaxy 16
we go into configurations and then a
device we select screen is the
lighting and people
must be activated we select the
type of notifications we want
be receiving
we go down to where it says flow
of information here we see how the
information is going to be showing
we give a touch in administration of
panels and here we find the
different panels that we can be
watching let's give a tap on the
first and here we have a list of
applications that we can activate or
deactivate to show us the
notification in the marquee
once activated
as we can see already disabled we are going to
leave we're going to block the phone
we slide on the right side and we can
see how the notification appears
we can give it up to give it towards
below and there we can see how it
transports the information let's see
also a new feature for what
that the marquee helps us a bit
let's play and we're going to do it
the right we have as the screen is
blurs and five circles appear there
we can add five contacts
preferred to mark them directly
at this moment I do not have saved
no contact but we can add it
if it does not disappear search and select
we look for the name of the contact if
we had added and they would disappear
obviously to be able to configure this I
first I have to add the contact in
my contact list is worth the
redundancy
remember that you can find this or more
information of our social networks
how are facebook twitter or our blog
movistar do not forget to subscribe to
our youtube channel and share
this video with any of your friends
until next time